# Meeting 2

### Time 6:05pm-

## Participants
Enzo Han
Juan Ding
David Cao
Jason Sather
Amanda Quach
Andrew Martinez
Alec Smith
Pablo Gratas
Steven Ramirez

## Stand-up meetings

1. What did you work on yesterday?
2. What are you working on today?
3. What are your blockers?


- David Cao
1. Unhappy couldn't be present more often but wants to grind soon.


- Pablo Gratas
1. Brought up identity on the application


- Steven 
1. Contention about core principles


- Amanda Quach 
1. Talked about exploring different existing bullet journal apps and seeing how task focused vs goals focused each are.


- Jason Sather
1. Attended both meetings and looked at example bullet journals.


- Steven Ramirez 
1. Went to the brainstorming meetings and that Saturdays went well, but felt like there was some contention on the identity and was hoping we could iron it out this week.


- Juan Ding 
1. Sure, I said, from review quiz4, I found that Prof want us to focus on the user-experience, not the functionality we thought, so we probably need to have some UX page to have some journey for uses to like, first time he enter the page, and what should be the page like, when he create a task


- Alec 
1. Brought up https://bulletjournal.com/pages/learn useful video that will allow everyone to get a more solid idea.


- Andrew Martinez
1. Brought up we need to do more with Miro comparison to other groups. User stories and personas. 


## Discussion 

Needed wireframes
What user needs and what they will be clicking on. 

Everyone took at look at the "Starting Pitch" assignment on canvas. 

Start using github projects because everyone has a vague idea of what they need to be working on in the project and assign everyone a task to do rather than hoping everyone figures out what to do.

Brought up that other groups already assigned their members specific roles such as frontend, backend, etc. Maybe wouldn't do it this week but something to think about.

Discussion on how meeting notes should be categorized on GitHub Projects.

#### Issue Template
name: The base general topics
about: Use this template for tracking new features.
title: "[Apr 19, 2021]: [comments]"
labels: comments, add them
assignees: Whoever 

## Things to be done before starting pitch

1. User Personas/People Templates.
Flowchart
- Juan
- Alec

1. Wireframe for homepage.
Potentially get it done before starting pitch
Another meeting scheduled for saturday to finish

1. Project Vision/Discuss bullet journal functionality
What do we want the app to do? What problem do we need to solve?
Disucssion of risks and rabbitholes.

4. Slide Template
- David

5. Build slide deck

6. Flowchart a user journey
- Juan 

7. Assign roles for everyone
Frontend, backend, etc

8. Discussion Implementation

(Things due before next meeting on Saturday are tagged with 'Next' on GitHub)

## Discussion About The Project Vision 

- Indexes - Pages to put things
- Future Logs - Know what index to put on
- Month View
- Rapid Logging
- It should feel like using paper
- Adding things such as TODO's should be painless as possible
- main interface should be an outline overview
- subtasks should be easy to add

Let's get MVP(minimum viable product) out first and then add on

We are not making a traditional journal. What's the difference?

Should it allow you to log random tasks in your day?

Should it be like a planner? Or just a concise list of TODO's and everything you write should be mapped to a TODO? 

Events vs TODO's? Are they the same or are they different. In addition with subtasks.

Notes are for ideas and observations. Therefore, parentless tasks should not go into notes. 

User can create something, label it, and then there will be other fill-ins like a date etc rather than separate. Before user finishes creating item, they can categroize it as either a note, task, etc. 

Is an event something that we want to remember or a super task? (Ex: Currently we want events to be a task you can add a subtask to with a date attached).

Should an event be just like a note? Or different from a note.

How much do we want to create our own definitions vs abiding by the website?

Should we try to force these definitions because then users would have to learn these new meanings for 'task, event, or note'.

"Treat everything as similar as possible" because it allows for flexibility and mimics paper. Other users would have different ideas with what should be what. 

Scratch events? Only TODO's and notes.

Why is 3 categories worse than 2? Some users would like the freedom vs some users wouldn't like it. If we become too particular it wouldn't meet people's needs. However if you are too general there is no point. Bullet journals are called bullet journals because they have a particular function. 

The person we are targeting with a bullet journal format already knows how it works and its rules. Notes are something we could get done, and tasks are something we have to do and fill out we did it, and events have a time/date/location and we can fill out whether we been there or not.

Upsides and drawbacks to both ideas but at the end of the day make it look nice so people can come back to it.

Discussion would be meaningless before flowchart and stories are not done. Just functionality discussion doesn't mean anything.

At the end of the day, we are making a bullet journal and bullet journals have certain properties and features. Lets make it a bullet journal and support everything for a bullet journal. 

People who do bullet journal will adapt to the format. There is no singular bullet journal format.