# May 8, 2021 Meeting 6

## 1:00-2:00pm, remote on zoom

### members who attended
1. Alec Smith
2. Jason Sather
3. Andrew Martinez
4. Juan Ding
5. Amanda Quach
6. Pablo Gratas
7. Steven Ramirez

### Stand ups
- Jason: attempted to do the CI/CD pipeline

- Alec: look at CI/ CD pipeline

- Juan Ding: will familiarize herself with react more to help with future tasks

- Steven Martinez: went through the react tutorial, hasn't finished but will after meeting

- Pablo Gratas: hasn't done much for this class due to other class assignments, but will catch up this weekend

- Amanda: briefly read the react tutorial, but will continue to familiarize

### Timeline of Meeting
1. Deciding framework

2. CI/ CD Pipeline

3. Delegating tasks for the upcoming assignment due Monday

4. Jason completed most of the CI/ CD build

5. Pablo will work on the 2 minute presentation

6. Alec and Amanda will work on the 2 page paper

7. Deciding style: consistency will help readability

8. ADR: went over canvas assignment

9. Design and Implementation of UI: Andrew (visuals) and Jenny (code)

10. Backend lead (Alec) and Frontend lead (Andrew)

## Next Meeting
1. Potentially break out into teams

2. Frontend: discuss design, implementation, architecture

3. Backend: discuss note storage, etc

## Assigning Tasks
- Jason: CI/ CD pipeline pass off to Alec
- Steven: adr
- Pablo: presentation video
- Amanda: 2 page paper
- Alec: linter pipeline/ 2 page paper
- Andrew: visuals (Design and Implementation)
- Jenny: code (Design and Implementation)
- Enzo: react/ adr
- David: react/ adr






