# May 11, 2021 Meeting 7

## 6:00-7:00pm, remote on zoom

### members who attended
1. Alec Smith
2. Jason Sather
3. Andrew Martinez
4. Juan Ding
5. Amanda Quach
6. Pablo Gratas
7. Steven Ramirez
8. Enzo Han
9. David Cao

### Stand ups
- Jason: Did CI/CD pipeline, got elements of the workflow working and fixed
- Alec: Implemented the linter
- David: worked on a react app

### Timeline of Meeting
1. Github issues discussion (use them for tasks!)
2. Discussion about moving away from React
3. Discussion about adr progress
4. DIscussion about CI /CD progress
5. Figuring out how to deal with our "security issues" when we push code
6. Determining deadlines and needs for design part (colors, text, ui, format)
7. UI first, formatting second vs formatting first UI second
8. Assigning further front end tasks (page designs assigned for members and due dates set)
9. Assigning further back end tasks (figuring out our implementation of notes)
10. Who's designing the content of the notes?
11. 

## Next Meeting
1. Checking up on progress
2. Continuing work on building out the app

## Assigning Tasks
- Enzo & Jenny: Landing Page (Frontend)
- David & Andrew: Main Notes (Frontend)
- Steven: Setting Page (Frontend)
- Pablo & Amanda: API & Object skeleton (Backend)
- Jason & Alec: CI/CD Phase II





