# May 18, 2021 Meeting 8

## 6:00pm-7:00pm, remote on zoom

### members who attended
1. Pablo Gratas
2. Juan Ding
3. Enzo Han
4. Jason Sather
5. Andrew Martinez
6. Amanda Quach
7. Alec Smith
8. David Cao
9. Steven Ramirez

### Stand ups
- Jenny: uploaded item for review
- Alec: Worked on pipeline, recovering from sickness
- Andrew: Discussion slides and talked to TA about assignments
- Pablo: Set up meeting with backed team and help discuss storage for app
- David: Polish main page design, met with TA to discuss group project
- Jason: In the backend meeting, discussed how storage would be handled
- Enzo: Working on landing page
- Amanda: In meeting about how to store info; wrote ADR about it
- Steven: Figure out and resolve linter issues, do work on settings page

### Timeline of Meeting
1. Discussion about backend storage ADR
2. Discussion about how to handle images and video
3. Confirmation about what's been and not been done for part 1
4. Design team sharing progress
5. Discussion about multi-user accounts
6. Discussion about needs for note object
7. Discussion about user interface
8. Setting up daily standups
9. Figuring out how to get sprint 1 retrospective done
10. Setting up thursday meeting
11. Closing discussion; figuring out the three canvas asignments

## Next Meeting
1. Go over implementation and decisions back end has made
2. Share more responsibilities
3. Talk about daily standups

## Assigning Tasks
- Whole team: meet on thursday to have a meeting
- Jason Sather: Work on diagram
- Backend: continue working on implementation





