# May 20, 2021 Meeting Sprint 1

## 5:20pm-5:50pm, remote on zoom

### members who attended
1. Pablo Gratas
2. Juan Ding
3. Enzo Han
4. Andrew Martinez
5. Amanda Quach
6. Alec Smith
7. David Cao

### Stand ups (sprint reviews)
- Alec: Working on the ADR for adding multiple users; reviewed previous ADR's for template; made framework decisions (linter, pipeline)
- David: Helped create github issues to organize and keep track of tasks; worked with design team to help set up front end design; reviewed front end work
- Andrew: Worked with david on admin work to make sure meetings were run well and deadlines were met; working on design with frontend team (color pallete, fonts, layout)
- Enzo: Worked on an adr; designed landing page, reviewed code of other members
- Amanda: Wrote paper about the pipeline; worked on note implementation and wrote adr; studied localStorage to prepare for usage
- Pablo: Worked notes implementation, set up meeting for how to implement storage, took up note writing duties, did video for pipeline assignment
- Jenny: Implemented landing page; worked on design for front end in general; worked on implementing more code for the website
- Jason: Backend (TBD)
- Steven: Frontend (TBD)

### Timeline of Meeting
1. Getting started with sprint review (everyone shares what's going on)
2. Discussion about next steps (retrospective)

## Next Meeting
1. Retrospective

## Assigning Tasks
- N/A





