# June 5, 2021 Meeting 15

## 1:00pm-1:50pm, remote on zoom

### members who attended
1. Pablo Gratas
2. Andrew Martinez
3. David Cao
4. Amanda Quach
5. Jason Sather
6. Steven Ramirez

### Timeline of Meeting
1. Explain progress from Pablo in regards to back end
2. Let Sasya ask the team what they've done in the course of the project
3. Give feedback to Sasya
4. Continue talking about progress to backend and what needs to be done on frontend

## Next Meeting (Tuesday 6pm)
1. Video and sprint retrospective work
2. Check on progress

## Assigning Tasks
- Backend: Take care of neccessary bug fixes, testing, and help with front end with API's
- Frontend: Get frontend presentable by tomorrow 
- Video and sprint work TBD





