# June 1, 2021 Meeting 13

## 6:00pm-6:20pm, remote on zoom

### members who attended
1. Pablo G
2. Jason S
3. Juan D
4. Alec S
5. Steven R
6. Jason S
7. Andrew M
8. Enzo H
9. Amanda Q

### Stand ups
Pablo - Other school work could help out backend/frontend

Jason - Alec Amanda updated script to store objects, helped Alec with GitHub issues

Amanda - What Jason did, busy with other classes

Alec - What Jason did, got service worker working so website works offline, needs someone frontend to know its enabled. Looked into storage situation. Few ADRs 

Jenny - Implemented main page, working on create notes, goals, task feature. Asked about backend structure with Pablo. 

Andrew - Started setting up structure for page routing. 

David - Finishing up labs for other classes, going to work on polishing website parts

Steven - Basically done with 'goal' web component 

Enzo - Needs to catch up on discussion to help with adr


### Timeline of Meeting
1. Standups
2. Jenny showing what shes done to make sure there is no duplicated work
3. Alec showing what he has done to bring frontend up to date 
